ESX systems secrete specific substrates {clusters
Cation homeostatis?

Unique way to provide such impact
promote interdisciplinary culture
Every technique has limitations

How much you didn't know before?
How much you gained from this workshop?

research funding history
funding reference number in publication

phase space overlap

Molecular Dynamics Study of CFTR and its Gating Mechanism


Use the unnecessary model to model social sciences; if you torture the data enough, it will confess. Meaningless picture. Human on average has 1 teticle. (Yoonsik Park ref)
Machine learning, AI, data science, quantum
Chen's paper
IFD (Statistics)
trying to impress
misinterpretation
The value I can see in it is remind yourself
Coding in science
Training in PhD too focused
Obsessed with terminologies
rather no book than believe in book entirely
Misinterpreting
Heuristics

Risk is probability times damage.
NO backup is a backup unless recovery of data has been tested and shown to work.
It is better to organize file hierarchies wide, not deep.
don't store the same contents in more than one place. In the best case this is merely unnecessarily needlessly redundant, but in the common worse case the two copies will go out of sync.

It appears that R treats a list as a scalar.
<-
What logical(0) actually means

general themes of R-language: vector operations looping

Results are always only
meaningful when we consider which algorithm was used and how the parameters were set..
Results cannot be compared if algorithm and parameters are not specified. This is a
common problem, and an important issue for “repreducible reesearch”

#R factor: categorical data (rep as integere levels)

One would wish for precise format specifications published with every data record,
one would wish for self-describing formats, one would wish for ontologies, and
controlled vocabularies and one would wish for validated parser code in common
languages to be available with any database download ... in reality the
support of database users is generally quite poor. Why? This probably results from
the fact that one can't publish such support – or quality assurance efforts in general
– and one can't strengthen one's grant proposals with user support and what doesn't
get funded and doesn't get done. 

Seems like pdb is apparently kind of bad..

x[a:b] <- n (n is single value. This results in assignment of a:b all as n)

The complaints from the tech people becomes apparent if I compare what we have to deal with...

Graphs! graphs every where! I imagine with graph theory this becomes a lot more powerful. (functional interaction database)

Homology: promiscuity pg 5
CFTR channel

alignment: statistical mechanics, frequency from the lab, middle alignment
start from a alignment, iteratively adjust

google bioinformatic resources doesn't quite tell you what things are good for (BLAST, EMBOSS)